protesters in Minnesota are ready to
rally against the Redskins they're upset
at the team's refusal to give up a name
that they say is hateful and hurtful
Suzanne Kennedy is here now with more on
this weekend's planned demonstration
Suzanne Leon this may well be the
largest protest of the team named to
date the game will be held on the
University of Minnesota campus which has
a large Native American population
students there are upset that at their
home a public college campus this racial
slur can be used the Washington Redskins
take the field this weekend in Minnesota
they will be in unfriendly territory
both on the field and off that's because
a large demonstration like this one
recently in Phoenix is planned to show
opposition to the controversial team
name proud today a group opposing the
term Redskins release this new ad ahead
of the weekend protest Apache Pueblo
chopped off it shows the outrage that
Native Americans feel by Washington's
NFL team still using the name Redskins
Native Americans call themselves many
things
the one thing they don't know black
samples gone John Wayne is dead it's
time for America let it go you know and
they're holding on to that we're the
only race of human beings in America
they use as mascots for their funding
game this letter by the university of
minnesota's american indian student
group to the university's president
shows campus outraged at the redskins
playing in a stadium at a public
university the group calls the team name
a racial slur University of Minnesota
student Vanessa good Thunder is helping
to lead this week ends protest she
doesn't understand why team owner Dan
Snyder is refusing to change the name
why would he put so much effort into
keeping this name when it is offending a
lot of us there has always been conflict
with this name why not change it because
it just makes sense why does he want to
hurt people the university has stated
its own objections to the nickname but
because it is under contact to the
Vikings it must hold the game on campus
we contacted the Redskins repeatedly
about this story they failed to get back
to us i'll be at the protest this
weekend and we'll have live reports from
there Allison okay we'll be looking for
that Suzanne thanks